Have to
get home.
There's no time.
Come on.
I almost
don't know.
Okay. I mean. is
it just me or does it--
Okay. folks.
We are closed for the night.
It's time
to get home.
-Good night.
-Thanks. Sara.
Get home safe.
-Night.
-Good night.
-Thanks. Sara.
♪ In this dirty
Old part of the city ♪
♪ When the sun
Refused to shine ♪
♪ People tell me there
Ain't no use in trying ♪
♪ Now my girl. you're so
Young and pretty ♪
♪ And one thing I
Know is true ♪
♪ You'll be dead before
Your time is due. I know ♪
Time to come in.
sweetie.
Just five more
minutes. please?
Meagan. listen
to your mom.
Okay. Sheriff.
Let's go.
Good girl.
♪ Slaving his life away ♪
♪ Oh. yes. I know ♪
-Night.
-Night. Sheriff.
♪ He's been
Working so hard ♪
♪ I been working too. baby ♪
♪ Every night and day ♪
Hurry on home.
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ We gotta get out
Of this place ♪
♪ If it's the last thing
We ever do ♪
♪ We gotta get out
Of this place ♪
Checkmate.
Uh. yeah. You got me.
You beat me. Dad.
You're still
the best there is.
Alright. Mr. Liu.
Time to go downstairs
to the basement. okay?
We-- We are playing!
Hey. Hey.
-It's okay.
-Sorry.
It's okay. It's okay.
Gina's gonna take
you down to the basement.
and you can come back
up in the morning.
Just like we talked
about. remember?
You are good girl.
Oh. look.
Gina's here.
-Let's go.
-Let's go. Mr. Liu.
Up we go.
There we go.
Nice and
steady. right?
-Oh. watch your step.
-Careful.
Um. you. uh. you have a
really great way with him.
-Thank you.
-Yeah.
Um. you should tell your mom
she's more than welcome
to spend the night
with him if she wants.
Oh.
She just keeps saying
that he'll get better.
Denial is a major branch
of our family tree.
Uh. I-- I guess I'll
see you tomorrow.
Yeah. I. uh. guess I'll
see you tomorrow. Deputy.
Get home
quick. okay?
Right. Yeah. Yes. ma'am.
Hey. We all clear?
Looks like.
Alright.
Well. go on home.
I'll see you in the morning.
Night. Sheriff.
Frank!
Get the fuck up!
Come on. Frank!
Gotta get home!
It's getting
dark out.
Frank!
Oh. fuck it.
-Lauren's gonna kill you.
Is Daddy
coming home?
Any second now.
He's supposed to be
home before it gets dark.
He promised.
Well. sometimes. your dad.
he just gets a little forgetful.
That's all. You go start saying
your prayers.
I'll be there in
a minute.
Okay.
Goddamn it. Frank.
Now I lay me
down to sleep.
I pray the Lord my
soul to keep.
If I die
before I wake.
I pray the Lord my
soul to take.
Meagan?
It's Grandma.
Come to the window.
But I'm
not supposed to.
It's okay.
I won't tell.
It'll be our
little secret.
Do you promise?
I promise.
and I would
never break a promise.
Oh.
I've missed you
so much.
Meagan. what
are you doing?
You don't look
like my grandma.
She's not
your grandma.
I'm so lonely.
Baby. please just--
Maybe I can come in.
Meagan. no!
♪ When I was just
A little boy ♪
♪ I asked
My father ♪
♪ "What will
I be?" ♪
♪ "Will I
Be handsome?" ♪
Be rich?" ♪
♪ Here's what
He said to me ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ Whatever will
Be will be ♪
♪ The future's
Not ours to see ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ What will
Be will be ♪
♪ Now I have
Children of my own ♪
♪ They ask
Their father ♪
♪ "What will I be?" ♪
♪ "Will I be pretty?" ♪
♪ "Will I
Be rich?" ♪
♪ I tell them
Tenderly ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ Whatever will be
Will be ♪
♪ The future's not
Ours to see ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ What will be will be ♪
Norman.
you're gonna be okay.
The secret fairies
are on their way back
from the Lake of Tears.
They're gonna
fix you!
No. The monster's
claws went too deep.
Tell my friends I'll
miss them.
Tell my parents
I said goodbye.
Norman?
Norman! Norman! No. please!
You're my
best friend!
Please. please.
Norman. no!
But the fairies are coming
from the Lake of Tears. right?
They're gonna
make him better.
Sorry. buddy.
Norman's dead.
and when you're
dead. you're gone.
Bring him back!
You have to
bring him back!
Yeah. Sometimes.
life is hard. kid.
Mom. Julie
killed Norman!
Julie.
What? I'm telling
him a story.
Mom. Julie killed Norman!
Julie. what
are you doing?
Okay.
Hey. What happened
to Norman?
The monsters killed them.
The monsters killed him?
-Well. that's good news. then.
-Why?
Because there's no such
thing as monsters. honey.
and if there's no such
thing as monsters.
then that means that Norman's
still alive. doesn't it?
Really?
Mm-hmm. Play with Norman.
Mornin'.
What is
it this time?
Lauren rope you guys
into another bake-off. or what?
Motherfucker.
What'd I tell
you. Frank?
It got late.
and I didn't--
You got kids. you
nail the window shut.
You nail the motherfucking
window shut. Frank!
-No. No.
-Right?
No. I can't. Don't.
Look. You wanna drink?
You wanna drink. huh?
No.
No! No! Ah!
A man protects
his family. Frank!
his family!
-I'm sorry.
-Look at what you did.
I'm sorry. No!
-Stop your crying.
-Ah! No!
Look at what you
fucking did. Frank!
Open your eyes
and look!
Look at what you
did! Look at them!
Look at them! Look at her!
-No! No!
-Look at her!
No!
-No? You can't. huh?
-I can't.
You can't?
You can't? Huh?
Fuckin' look at her!
Look at her!
I-- I-- I can't!
Lock him up.
You hear me?
-Lock him up.
I don't...
They're all
yours. Father.
You know what I was
thinking about this morning?
-Mm?
-That first time
we drove up
to see your folks.
As I recall.
I was driving my
'83 Volvo
with metal on metal
posing as brakes.
a passenger side door
that wouldn't open.
My God.
That car was a deathtrap.
Nah. car
was a champ.
I was terrified my parents
were gonna hate you.
But they
didn't. though.
No.
Sometimes. I
remember what it was like
when it
wasn't like this.
Like before.
Don't do that.
Do what?
Shit.
Why is there a tree
in the middle of the road?
Must've gotten knocked down
in a storm or something.
Well. that's a pretty
selective storm.
Well. there was an exit
about a mile back.
I think we're gonna
have to circle around.
Maybe we can push
it with the RV.
I don't think that's
gonna work. buddy.
Dad. get me up.
Come on.
What are
they doing?
Can we just
leave. please?
Yeah. Come on.
Jim!
-Yeah.
-Come on. buddy.
We have an
arrangement. Sheriff.
You don't come here.
I came to see my
son. Donna.
Please.
Come on in. then.
What?
You're like a poem.
You know that?
You make everything
around you beautiful.
Even this place.
Sheriff Stevens.
Hello. Fatima.
You should come by
more often.
Yeah. Yeah.
I will give
you boys a minute.
I mean. she doesn't
change. does she?
What are
you doing here?
Yeah. Well. uh...
we lost a couple
people last night.
Oh. did we?
And how exactly
did we lose them?
Lauren Pratt and
her little girl. Meagan.
-Lauren was the--
-Yeah. I know who Lauren is.
It might be nice if you
came to the service.
paid your respects.
Look. I'm a little
busy. so if that's all...
That's all.
I thought I...
I'll show
myself out.
-Fatima.
-Bye.
Can we go back to someplace that
resembles civilization?
I mean. maybe we missed
the sign for the highway?
We didn't miss
the sign.
Dad? Dad. how come
those crows were doing that?
I don't know. buddy.
Sometimes. crows do
funny things.
Ca-caw! Ca-caw!
Are you sure we're going in
the right direction?
I mean. I-- I don't see
the highway anymore.
Do you have
cell reception?
-No.
-I don't know.
At some point.
this has to...
What the...
Why are all the tires flat?
And so. we commit to the earth
Lauren and Meagan Pratt.
May the life they know
beyond this world be kinder.
and may the mysteries of
their time here be solved.
For the peace we shall
know in the kingdom of God
is certain.
and in that peace...
Why are they
looking at us?
Shit.
Um. and
in that peace...
And in that peace.
we can be sure Lauren and
Meagan now reside.
-Hey. Lock the doors.
-Jim. Jim. Jim.
-That's a funeral!
-Dad.
-I'll be okay.
Ashes to ashes.
dust to dust.
Alright. Now...
you all remember what it
was like for you.
Just leave
these people be.
Kenny and I'll
handle it. Okay?
Amen.
May they go
with God.
Excuse me. Could you
tell me where. uh...
Hey. I was wondering if you
could tell me where. uh...
Well. they seem like
a cheery group.
What's going on?
It's okay.
Can I help you?
Oh. yeah.
Sorry to interrupt
your service.
No. Not a problem.
We were
just wrapping up.
Well. we got on a
detour off the highway.
and. uh. cell service
around here is--
Got your family
with you?
Yeah.
I was wondering if you could
point me
in the direction of the highway.
Yeah. You just. uh--
You just keep on following
the road right up that hill.
right where you were
going. and. uh...
you'll see.
Again. apologies.
Not a problem.
Unlock the door.
Go.
-What did he say?
Just keep going up the road
and we'll find it.
How far did he say
the highway was?
He didn't. He just said.
"Stay on the road."
Hey!
You know there's a name for
what those crows did back there.
when they all. like. got
in a group like that?
It's called
a murder.
What? No. it's not.
Yeah. it is. It's called
a murder of crows.
'Cause when
they gather like that.
it means they're
looking for a victim.
And if you
see them doing it.
then you're the one
they murder.
Shut up.
You're making that up.
I'm not.
Once they see you.
they won't stop
hunting you.
And one night when
you're sleeping.
they'll come into your room and
crawl under your sheets.
and they'll peck
at your face--
-Stop it!
-and your eyes--
--and your ears.
Stop it!
Mom. tell her to stop!
Goddamn it. Julie!
Knock it off!
You're such a baby.
Honey. you know what?
I don't think those
were even crows.
They looked like--
They looked like
ravens to me.
and you know what a group
of ravens are called?
An unkindness.
An unkindness of ravens.
That doesn't sound
that bad. huh?
No.
Wait. wait. wait.
Did we turn somewhere?
No. I just...
Oh. this can't be
the same place.
This is
getting really creepy.
Excuse me.
We're trying to get back onto
the highway. Could you...
Are you kidding me?
Let's just go. We-- we
probably missed the turn.
There you are.
Just heading back down
to the barn.
Those new people still
driving around. huh?
It's the worst part.
When you still expect
to find the road
that takes you home.
It's the part that's cruel.
Hey. you okay?
I'm fine.
You're a
good brother.
Now. get. Those animals
aren't gonna feed themselves.
It'd be cool if
they did. though. right?
I'll be back
in a bit.
Maybe it's-- Maybe it's
more of. like. um--
What's that--
What's that word?
Like. a switchback.
You know what I'm
talking about?
Like. like. you
merge getting on.
but then to get back. you'd
almost have to do. like.
a U-turn to get back on
the original road.
I would have noticed if we'd
merged with another road.
Well. you obviously
didn't. Jim.
because we're
driving in circles.
Just drive slow.
I'm driving slow.
You have
to drive slow!
Jim. we're gonna
pass it again!
Pass what. Tabitha?
What? Switchback?
Where is it?
Show it to me.
I'm-- I'm driving 20
miles an hour. alright?
I can't drive any...
Goddamn it.
No. no. no. no.
This is impossible.
We didn't go in
a circle that time.
You drove out
this way.
How did we
get back here?
No. No. This... No.
You think
they're ready?
Go ahead.
Get the strip.
How is this possible?
The same road can't go
in a circle one time
and then go in a--
We're on the same
fucking road!
Oh. my God. Jim.
We should ask them.
Maybe they know.
-Oh!
Oh. my God!
No.
No. no. no. no!
No. no. no!
Tabby? Come here. baby.
Tabby? Tabby.
I need to hear from you
both back there.
Julie? Julie. I need
you to look at me.
Are you okay?
Yeah. uh. uh. yeah.
I think-- I think so.
I just banged my back.
Ethan?
Can you hear me?
Ethan? Ethan!
I'm stuck.
Tabitha. baby.
come here.
-Come here. honey.
-What's wrong with Mom?
Is-- is she okay?
-She's gonna be fine.
We're all
gonna be fine.
I'm gonna get
us out of here.
-We all just got to...
...hold still.
Make sure you
cover it real well.
Last thing we need is a goddamn
RV barreling through town.
They had. uh.
Arizona plates.
You ever been
to Arizona?
Hey!
-Hey. we need help!
-What the...
-Was that guy in the RV?
-No.
There's
been an accident.
-What?
-It's-- it's really bad.
Oh. okay.
How far up the road?
-Um--
-Okay. Okay.
We only have. like.
two hours of daylight left.
Look. Get him to the clinic.
Watch your foot! Watch it!
Grab Khatri and Kristi.
all the supplies you can.
and you meet me
up the road. okay?
And go. Kenny!
Hurry up!
Okay!
Tabby. baby.
come here.
Come here. honey.
Baby. wake up.
-Tabby.
Come here. baby.
-Dad?
-Yeah. What is it?
Dad.
I think he's bleeding.
-Where?
-There's something in his leg!
-What is it?
-I don't know! I can't see!
-What happened?
-There was an accident.
Hey. hey. hey.
what's your name?
-It's Tobey.
-Tobey. I'm Kristi. okay?
-I'm just gonna take a look.
-Ah.
Okay. Keep some pressure
on it. alright?
Gina!
We're gonna get you
cleaned up. okay? Alright.
Gina. I need some
help in here!
Hey. Hey. Can you get him
cleaned up in the other room
and just start an IV
if he needs it?
-Okay. got it.
-There you go.
You're gonna
be okay. okay?
-Was it the RV?
-And another car.
Yeah.
Hey! You alright?
Anything hurt?
What happened?
You were in
a car accident.
-You okay?
-You have an amazing face.
I have-- Hey. hey.
hey. hey.
Look at me.
Look-- look-- look at me.
-Hey. what are you on?
-What do you mean?
-I'm on the ground.
-What-- Okay. okay.
Uh. hold it. Hold it.
Hold on. Stay there.
Anybody else
in here?
-Um--
-Huh?
-No. it's just us.
-Okay.
Hey. I need you to
stay right here for me. okay?
You just stay here.
I'm not
going anywhere. man.
-Okay.
-Alright.
Oh.
Hey! Everybody in
there okay?
Hello?
No! We need some help!
Hey. Hey. Oh.
Okay. Alright. You're gonna be
fine. You're gonna be fine.
We got some folks coming.
on the way. alright?
My son is bleeding.
He's-- I. uh--
-Okay. Alright.
-And I can't--
-Okay. Hey!
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
Listen to me. Look.
Hey. I'm gonna need you to calm
down. okay?
-Alright.
-Alright? I know.
I know. I know.
Hey. what's your name?
Jim.
Jim. Alright.
Hey. Jim.
my name is Boyd.
-Boyd?
-Boyd. Yeah.
So. look. Jim.
I'm gonna climb up there.
see if I can get
that door open. okay.
and try and get you guys out.
That sound alright?
-That's alright.
- Yeah?
-It's okay with you. right?
-Mm-hmm.
-Yeah. Yeah.
-Yeah.
-Okay. she's good.
-Oh. thank God.
Yeah. Okay. We gotta get
you out of here.
-There's. uh. tools--
-One second. Yeah.
-uh. along the side
there. on the--
- Okay. Hey. Hey.
-Or that side.
What's-- what's
her name?
Uh. so. that's
Julie. Uh--
Hey. Julie.
Julie. you okay?
You're okay.
My name is Boyd. okay?
Alright.
Okay. Julie?
Julie. We're okay. We're gonna
try to get you out of here.
-Would that be okay?
-No. You need to get Ethan--
Yeah. Yeah. We're gonna get him
too. We're gonna get him.
-Everybody's coming.
-I love you. honey.
-Alright. come on. There you go.
-Ow!
Good girl. Good start.
Hey. Ellis!
There's been an
accident outside town!
-We could use your help!
-What?
The RV with the family.
it collided with another car!
Your dad's
already out there!
Wait. Hold on. Another car?
What are you talking about?
Will you
just get in?
We don't have a
lot of time!
Ellis.
it'll be dark soon.
He's your father.
You just rest.
I'll be back soon.
Mm-hmm.
I don't like him.
Why not?
Look
at the mess he made.
Well. that's not
exactly his fault.
I don't like.
Let's get you
downstairs.
Hey.
-You okay?
-I'm great.
What's your name?
I'm Jade.
Hi. Jade. Any pain
or anything like that?
-What's your name?
-I'm Kristi.
Alright.
We got it. We got it.
-You got it. You got it.
-Oh!
Come on. Come on.
Come on.
There you go.
Alright.
Alright. Look.
I'm gonna go back
and get the others. okay?
Just sit here.
Try-- try to relax.
Calm down. Okay?
Sheriff!
Sheriff. are
you down there?
Yeah!
You see that?
Hey. the cavalry's here.
You're gonna
be okay. Alright.
God. you're beautiful.
Can you squeeze
my fingers?
Squeeze. Squeeze.
Squeeze them harder.
Great. Can you move
your toes?
-Um--
-Lift up your feet.
-My feet.
-Good. Good. Okay.
Can you grab me the water
bottle from the car? Thanks.
Hey. this one's got
New York plates.
Weren't-- Weren't Sara and
Nathan from New York?
Uh. they were
Boston. I think.
Boston.
Right. Okay.
Did you take
anything?
What?
-Are you nauseous or anything?
-No. no. Where's Tobey?
-He's at the clinic.
-Okay.
-He's okay.
Kristi!
You should get down there.
Looks pretty bad.
Okay. Um. here. Make sure
that he doesn't hurt himself.
and plenty of water. okay?
Right. Hey. it's
gonna be okay. Drink.
Oh. my God.
You're all so beautiful.
Careful.
How are
you feeling?
Uh...
Where's the doctor?
She had to go.
But it's okay.
You're safe now.
Everything's going
to be alright.
You just rest.
Okay.
Make sure you lift her up.
-I am!
-Come on. buddy.
Mom?
Mom! Mom!
Okay. Oh. easy. easy!
Okay. Take it easy.
-Hi!
-Hi.
Easy.
Are you--
Are you okay?
-Yeah. I'm okay.
-You're okay?
-I'm okay.
-Okay. Uh--
Yes. Yes.
Where's-- where's Daddy?
-Where's Ethan?
-They're still in the RV.
-It's okay.
-They're-- Oh. my God.
-Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa--
-Mom!
-Get her up. get her up.
-Alright.
-It's okay. It's okay--
-Hey!
-We need to get her to sit down.
-Mom. sit.
They're still--
they're still there!
Hey. go tell them
she's awake!
Right!
Yeah. yeah. yeah!
No. but they're--
they're still there. Go--
-It's okay.
-It's okay. It's okay.
-Are you okay. honey?
-Yes. I'm okay. Mom.
-You're okay.
-It's okay. Mom.
Okay. Well. good news is
that he's stable.
-Yeah.
-His airway's clear. his pulses
are strong. and there's no
obvious damage to the artery.
-Bad news?
-I mean. there's a table leg
through his thigh. We can't
exactly just yank him--
How much time you
need to do it right?
-I don't know. At least an hour.
-The mom's awake.
And we got. like. 40 minutes
of daylight left. so...
-Can you fix him in the RV?
-What?
Can you stitch the
kid up inside the RV?
Well. I don't know--
Will that even work?
I don't know.
It'll work.
-Kristi.
-It'll work.
It's alright. boy.
That's alright.
Hey. It's Jim. right?
-Yeah.
-Hey. Okay.
Very important to
keep him flat. okay?
We can't rule out a
spinal or a neck injury.
-Okay? Good. Yeah.
-Support him.
-That?
Yep. Support
his neck like that. Good.
Gentle. Good.
Nice and soft. Good.
Okay. Perfect.
Okay.
Your wife's awake.
You should
go talk to her.
Alright.
I can take it from here.
You sure?
Yeah.
-Be careful.
-Thanks.
Okay.
I just want
to see my kid.
-I understand.
-Tabby.
-I--
-Yeah. Hi.
Hey. Jim.
Hi. Jim. where-- where--
where-- where is he?
He's okay. uh. but
he's. uh... stuck.
But there's a doctor here
that's gonna help him get out.
Yeah.
There's...
He says we
have to leave.
-What?
-Look.
We don't have a lot of
time to talk about this.
We're not
leaving anywhere.
Please listen to me.
These woods are not
safe after dark.
Hey. if you wanna stay.
that's fine.
but you. you can barely
stand. and your daughter
-needs to get back to town.
-It's okay.
-It's alright.
-Hey. Hey.
Yeah.
I don't want to
bury any more kids.
Alright? Come on.
Where are we?
Is everyone okay?
I don't think so.
Oh. God.
I-- I-- I shouldn't
have been--
Shh.
Fuck. Why did I--
This isn't your fault.
What do you mean?
That asshole handcuffed to
the car gives you any trouble.
you cut him loose.
You hear me?
Thank you for coming.
Look. You know
this is suicide.
Just take care of
the family.
Look. I'm staying.
My baby's in there.
How am I
supposed to just...
Jim. let's just--
Let's just walk over.
We'll get Thomas. and we'll
just get out of here.
-Jim. please.
-Tabby.
It's Ethan.
Ethan's the one stuck in the RV.
It's okay. It's okay.
It's okay.
I know. I'm sorry.
It's just my head.
It just hurts.
The doctor needs
to focus on Ethan.
-If she's worried about you...
-Yeah.
...she can't do
what she has to do.
No. no. no. no.
She-- she has to stay-- Yeah.
Jim. I don't-- I don't
trust these people.
There's something
really weird. I don't...
What does it mean.
"The woods aren't safe"?
What is that? What?
The woods aren't safe?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I know this is. uh...
But we gotta go.
Like. right now.
-Jim. I can't go.
-Right now.
Like. we gotta go. Come on.
Let's go.
-Okay.
So. we have to separate
the table leg from the table.
and it's gonna be dark out. so
do you have any lanterns
or lights or anything like that?
Yeah. Uh. got. uh--
-I got lamps.
-Great.
Uh. got lanterns.
Perfect.
-Got it.
-Okay.
-How we doing in here?
-Uh. good.
Uh. we're almost
ready to go.
-Yeah.
-Okay. Jim.
I'm gonna need you around
here. just to support
-the head and neck. okay?
-Okay.
Hey. Jim? Would you grab
me that blanket right there?
Right by your-- by your left
foot. Right there.
-Yup.
-Thanks.
What are you doing?
I am. uh...
doing my best
to keep the RV safe.
Shit! Shit! Shit. shit. shit.
shit. shit. shit.
You left the fucking
spike strip down!
It's okay. It's okay.
We can make it to Colony House.
That's if they open the door
for us.
They'll open the door!
Alright? Come on.
-Let's go.
-Hey. hey. hey. hey.
It's very important that we get
inside as soon as possible.
so that means that-- that means
that you run as fast as you can.
No matter what you see.
no matter what you hear.
you do not stop. You understand
me? No matter what.
- Go. go. go.
-Come on!
What do you mean.
"make the RV safe"?
What?
Safe from what?
Jim... there are things you
need to understand
about what
happens next.
Dad?
Ah. Hi. honey.
It hurts.
-I know.
-Okay. Okay. He's awake.
We're gonna take
care of you. though.
Everything's gonna
be just fine.
Shit. Hold his neck. Great.
-Ethan. Ethan. Ethan.
-Good. good--
We just gotta support the airway
like that. Good. Yeah.
Oh. come on.
Use your forearms
a little bit more.
-Kristi?
-We're fine.
Just keep
covering the windows.
Jim. I need you
right under his neck. okay?
Use your forearms to get right
under his head. just like that.
-Ethan. Ethan. Ethan.
-Yeah. You're doing great.
Good. good. good. good.
Oh. come on.
They're comin'.
Vod2srt by Blue-Bird™